[C#] Implement new Concept Exercise: nullability (#992)
exercism/v3: languages/csharp/exercises/concept/nullability/.meta/design.md

# Design

## Goal

The goal of this exercise is to introduce the student to the concept of [Nullability in C#][null-keyword].

## Learning objectives

- Know of the existence of the `null` literal.
- Know what a `NullReferenceException` is and when it is thrown.
- Know how to compare a value to `null`.
- Know the difference between value and reference types regarding nullability, especially pre C# 8.0.
- Know how to define nullable reference and value types.
- Know about the null-related operators (`!`, `?`, `??`).
- Know about basic null checking by the compiler.

## Out of scope

- Nullable attributes.
- In-depth discussion of null checking by the compiler.
- Enabling C# 8 null checking.
- Casting using the `as` or `is` operator or using pattern matching.

> ## Concepts

Reviewer: We've recently updated the [naming rules of concepts](https://github.com/exercism/v3/blob/master/docs/maintainers/determining-concepts.md#naming-concepts), hence the concept naming changes I suggest in this review.

This Concepts Exercise's Concepts are:

- `nullability`: know of the existence of the `null` literal; know what a `NullReferenceException` is and when it is thrown; know how to compare a value to `null`; know the difference between value and reference types regarding nullability; know how to define nullable reference and value types; know about the null-related operators; know about basic null checking by the compiler.

## Prerequisites

This Concept Exercise's prerequisites Concepts are:

- `strings`: strings will be compared to `null` and basic methods from strings will be called.
- `basics`: integers will be compared to `null`, arithmetic operations will be performed on integers, variables will be introduced and updated.

> - `exceptions-basic`: explain how a `NullReferenceException` is thrown when accessing a `null` value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `exceptions`: explain how a `NullReferenceException` is thrown when accessing a `null` value.
```

- `variables-basic`: variables will be introduced and updated.

> - `loops-basic`: strings ill be processed and constructed iteratively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `for-loops`: strings will be processed and constructed iteratively.
```
